Ey, ey Dmn!
L tapped twice on some ass like grams.
(I just fucked).
Now what I'm doing?
I'm just pillow talking with a bitch.
I'm just pillow talking with a bitch.
I just finished spazzin' on a bitch.
Now I'm pillow talking with a bitch.
I'm like girl that was great, talk about a connection.
Am I alone in my praise, do you share my assessment?
She like yeah that was nice, I enjoyed myself.
Great, yeah.
She like can you reach that shelf for my phone?
I'll take care the alarm.
I'm like 'oh, for the morning, like to sleep?'
She like yeah, we just had sex 'What did you think?'
I was just gonna fuck you and leave?
No, I I hadn't thought that far ahead.
But of course, can I get you a T-Shirt?
Oh, can you not tickle my hair?
It's just a personal thing, it's not you.
Okay sorry for doing it.
No, no, it’s just a personal thing, it’s not you.
Okay cool.
Yeah.
Uhhh, so you're from Minnesota?
Only thing I know is that it's cold.
Break it down, how's it compare to living in LA?
Well, I can't compare them they're so different.
Y'know what I'm sayin?
Yeah, for sure.
She like apples to oranges.
Yeah, well you can still compare them but I hear ya.
What's the deal with your family?
Got any siblings?
She like I have a brother, I'm like oh what he do?
She like he in the Army.
Oh, true.
Uhh, do you fuck with the war?
She like huh, what did you just say?
Huh, like just now?
Yeah.
Do you fuck to the war?
No, I don't fuck with the war.
I'm like no, I don't fuck with the war.
Just don't know how to react to the forces.
I should have just thanked you of course.
Uh, why would you thank me?
Uh, I guess I assumed it would extend to the families but okay.
While we on the topic, I been actually thinking about some shit.
About the Army and Navy.
What if tomorrow is the day that the fucking aliens came and invaded our nation?
Like, would we even be able to fuck with their shit?
Like do we have the type of weaponry to fuck with their ships?
So not at all, like would they just walk up in this motherfucker Laughin' at us, and blastin' at us And makin' everybody disintegrate and assimilate Without a hint of intimidation?
Or could we do some shit to be making they heart race?
Granted I don't know the alien heart, but You get what the fuck I'm sayin?
Like what the fuck would it be like?
Would they be like Earth go hard?
Or is it just another conquest?
Or would they be like damn earth go hard.
They was harder than Simian.
You ever talk to your brother about this uh type of stuff?
Then she like no.
I'm like well what you think?
She like I don't concern myself with hypotheticals that couldn't be.
I'm like girl what you mean?
She like I don't believe.
In the war?
In aliens.
Oh hold up.
Hold up, wait.
Girl what you sayin?
That all of the life in the universe happens to be where you stand?
I guess.
What an enormous coincidence that shit would be.
Do you see what I'm sayin'?
I can't hear what you're sayin'.
Well the universe always expanding.
There are infinite galaxies.
Why would we be the anomaly?
She like that's no coincidence.
I call that shit God.
I'm like oh you're religious, bitch.
You think it's all God.
No, I know it's all God.
No, I know that there might be a God.
First off, nobody knows there's a God.
Girl I think we should drop this.
No, what's goin' on in your brain right now?
Brain uhh, brain on some other shit though.
I been all up in the club for the year hey brain.
I been killin' shit don't mind me.
I'm just top flight.
I could sure use a Sprite.
I'm thirsty as fuck.
Who gettin money?
That's brain.
Who make decisions?
That's brain.
Who make the hits?
That's been brain.
Who run the whole operation?
That be brain.
(Brain, can you just get back to the issue here.)
Uh, can you just remind the brain?
(You're such an idiot, we're talking about God and if he exists.)
Don't call brain names.
The brain couldn't recall.
But if I'm not mistaken this bitch to my left Guaranteed there's a god.
(I believe in a god, yes.)
So god never wrong.
God never wrong, right?
Yeah, that's like the whole point.
(Brain just get there, please).
Hold up.
So god made the earth.
And god was like hold up, this shit is boring.
It need more shit.
God was like Imma put dinosaurs on that bitch.
Dinosaurs on that bitch.
Then he like why I put dinosaurs on that shit?
What is your brain even saying?
Can he get to the point?
Hold up brain you just did it.
God ain't wrong what the fuck was he thinking.
About what?
Bitch, the dinosaurs.
He made the Earth for them But then he like nah?
Dinosaurs are just blah?
What's your point?
I'mma cook up some blondes?
Like he was way off.
I don't look like a dinosaur.
Ho them things 35 feet.
I'm like 5 foot 11.
But on Tinder I'm 6 foot.
Seen that Brachiosaurus.
That thing fuckin' neck go to heaven.
And that's just an expression bitch.
There ain't no heaven.
Ha, funny.
I'm just messin' but if he ain't wrong I guess this the exception.
Can I talk now?
Go ahead Look.
Everything in life has purpose.
You, chickens, a midget at a circus.
What?
I don't interpret.
She like that's not for me to determine.
So dinosaurs purpose was to just die?
That's not for me to determine But ok I'm just a person.
Okay, but think of the root of the argument girl.
View how we started this girl, like you don't believe in the aliens.
You confine God to earth girl, I find that shit silly salient.
I just don't presume to know the plan.
Bitch me neither but that's not what I've been sayin.
But what are you sayin?
Why can't God fuck with aliens?
Why can't Earth just be like a fucking small side project for this guy?
Ok, look we just don't see eye to eye.
Yeah but logically like you don't believe in your side.
Yeah but you're like bringing up fucking dinosaurs.
Like we could have shared the earth with them nobody knows.
Yeah, there is hard soil evidence girl.
Like what's next you don't fuck with Pangaea?
She like lets change the subject.
Ok.
(This bitch don't know about Pangaea, uhm.)
Brain leave it alone.
I'm starving, are you hungry by chance?
Oh my god I'm so hungry.
Yes, do you wanna get a pizza?
Fuck yeah.
fuck yeah, I'm on it.
Also I'm sorry about that whole interrogation thing.
Come on dude I'm a grown up I'm capable of having intelligent conversations.
Okay, I just fuck it.
Okay back to this pizza I lean pepperoni.
Ugh.
Sausage?
How can you eat that shit?
No, no, no, this not Dominoes.
This legit, is high quality meat and shit.
No, no, I'm vegetarian.
Oh right, well we can get half pepperoni And half of whatever you like.
Uh, ew, I can't have that shit.
In the same box.
Seriously?
You're that against meat?
No, I'm that against us being gluttonous.
Thinking that animals live on this earth to get eaten.
Okay, is it how we treat them?
Uh, that sure doesn't help.
Ok.
She like I'm not opposed to us hunting.
But now we not trackin' them down.
We just breed them to eat.
That's disgusting.
You should honestly read on the subject.
Alright hold up.
Just because we're not running around with a bow and arrow Doesn't mean we're not hunting these chickens.
We just decided the place to do our hunting intelligently enough To manipulate these animals and get them to do exactly what we want.
That's my point we just incubate animals Instead of just letting them live how they come.
But, that's just your God at work bitch.
Why we go hard on earth.
What you think would happen right now If you left my place.
And there were like three wolves waiting for you.
Wolves?
Bitch, they would tear your ass up.
Viciously.
Like they would eat your titties.
And your pussy.
That's what they do.
And your face and shit.
Humans are smarter bitch.
That's what we do.
She like apples to oranges.
Bitch that phrase don't make no sense.
Why can't fruit be compared?
She like I'm gonna leave There's just all of these conflicting principles.
Right, enjoy your pepperoni pizza.
I will, that's my god given right.
She like where is my bag?
Oh that leather one next to the trash?
That's the one right?
Made out of cow, I think?
Uhh why are there no Ubers in this area?
So you don't eat the meat, you just be wearing the shit.
I'm not listening dude.
That's barbaric as shit.
Do you come from the vikings?
Why are you even still talking?
Do you take peoples land?
Do you fuck with the war?
How are there no Ubers anywhere?
Just download Lyft, they are bigger in presence out here.
I don't wanna add shit to my phone.
Okay the choices are clear, ho.
Ubers are not around here at all.
Taxis will come but they real slow.
And the brain gotta poop T minus 5 till the brain gotta shit.
I just downloaded Lyft, but it's being so glitchy.
Uhh, look do you just want to sleep here?
Uhh no thanks.
It's past 2 am.
I'm not sharing a bed with you.
You can sleep in my bed, I'll just sleep on the floor.
Fine, you're sure?
Yeah, it's cool.
I won't throw you out to the wolves.
Oh my god, you are so annoying.
I couldn't help myself.
But can you at least throw me a pillow?
I'm just pillow talking with a bitch.
I'm just pillow talking with a bitch.
I just finished spazzin' on a bitch.
Now I'm pillow talking with a bitch.
Brain gotta poop still.
Please don't neglect the brain.
Please don't neglect the brain.
Hold on, is that my Lyft?
Nah, I got a pizza.
Full pepperoni too.
So, you're not gonna wanna be a part of it.
(But first you should poop).
(Please don't neglect the brain).